Firebase InAppMessaging KTX extensions docs (#957)
firebase/firebase-android-sdk: docs/ktx/fiamd.md

# InAppMessagingDisplay Kotlin Extensions

## Getting Started

> To use the Firebase InAppMessaging Display Android SDK with Kotlin Extensions, add the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Firebase In-App Messaging Display Android SDK with Kotlin Extensions, add the following
```
